Fix sourcecode install guide for new version of kubeedge (#1523)
kubeedge/kubeedge: docs/setup/deploy-edge-node.md

# Deploy Edge Node Manually

> + Copy the `$GOPATH/src/github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/build/node.json` file and change `metadata.name` to the name of the edge node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Copy `$GOPATH/src/github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/build/node.json` to your working directory and change `metadata.name` to the name of edge node
```
